Adding new Weblate permissions scheme (#1307)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/join-us/localization.md

2. Select a component on the resulting page, then select **Tools > Start new translation**. 
3. Select the languages you want to add, then **Start new translation**.

## Translators permissions scheme 
The goal of the permissions scheme is to be as open as possible to new contributors and keeping the product as safe as possible.
Therefor everybody who joins our translation server is able to make translations for the WIP languages and add suggestions to the shipped languages.

> Our shipped language translators can translate their language and add suggestions to other shipped languages and add translations to WIP languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our shipped language translators can translate their language, add suggestions to other shipped languages, and add translations to WIP languages.
```

> Mattermost@DefaultUserTranslateWIP: everybody who joins the server is automaticly added to this group and is able to translate WIP languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost@DefaultUserTranslateWIP: everybody who joins the server is automatically added to this group and is able to translate WIP languages.
```

> Mattermost@DefaultUserSuggestionsToShipped: everybody who joins the server is automaticly added to this group and is able to make suggestions to the shipped languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost@DefaultUserSuggestionsToShipped: Everybody who joins the server is automatically added to this group and is able to make suggestions to the shipped languages.
```

> mattermost@Translators xx: specific groups for each shipped language. A translator for this specific language should be added here 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mattermost@Translators [language]: A group for each shipped language. Add translators for each language here. 
```
